There are 3 ant build files.

build.xml     compiles everything in the work area, runs junit tests & verification 
              targets

package.xml   creates a distribution archive from a compiled work area

release.xml   checks out a clean work area from the revision control system, 
              compiles, tests and packages

All of these have sensible default targets, so this command...

  ant

will do a clean compile and run all the tests, and this command...

  ant -f package.xml
  
will create a distribution area, re-run the tests using generated jar files and 
spit out a zip file, and this command...

  ant -f release.xml
  
will checkout the "HEAD of the code" (latest version of trunk) from subversion, compile,
test and package it.

The compilation and packaging is parameterized by an ant property called "tag". This affects
the version number that is embedded in the openadpator.jar file, the javadocs, the directory
structure and name of the distribution zip. If you do not specify the tag property then is
gets set to "untagged", the distribution will be called

  openadaptor-untagged-bin.zip
  
The root directory structure will be

  openadaptor-untagged
  
and the release will echo 

  INFO  [main] openadaptor.build.tag = untagged

This reflects the fact that the release based on your local workarea and is of indeterminate
version. 

If you want to create a release you should use release.xml, this will checkout a workarea from 
subversion and invoke build.xml and package.xml. BUT as part of the checkout it will generate 
the following file in the checkout area

  checkout.properties
  
This contains the subversion tag that relates to the workarea AND this file will be 
automatically sourced by build.xml and package.xml. If you invoke release.xml like this...

  ant -f release.xml
  
then the workarea will be based on the trunk and hence the resulting output will be

  openadaptor-trunk-bin.zip
  
this is typically used to provide daily build.

Versioned releases relate to specific subversion tags. If you invoke release.xml like this..

  ant -f release.xml -Dtag=3.2.1
  
then the workarea will be based on that tag and hence the resulting output will be

  openadaptor-3.2.1-bin.zip
  
Use ant -p for descriptions of other targets that you may want to run.
            